story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2020 world war ii supernatural
horror film called
ghost of war spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
in nazi-occupied france chris along with
four other soldiers
butchie eugene kirk
and tapper prepare to embark on their
assignment to guard an old chateau
after an encounter with a group of nazis
on a jeep the soldiers run into what
appears to be jewish refugees
tappert steps up and gives one of them
his coat as they move through war-torn
streets
kirk says they're exhausted but chris
reassures them that once they reach
their assigned destination they can
sleep for days
they arrive at the chateau and notice
that the group currently stationed there
behaved strangely and were in a rush to
leave
they take no worry of it as the mansion
was filled with food and they'd be
living in comfort
in the evening the group gets startled
by a loud thudding coming from upstairs
they split up to investigate chris and
kirk see a shadow of someone hanging by
the neck
outside the window but it quickly
disappears a little later
they share war stories by the fireplace
but are quickly disrupted when chris
hears metallic tapping coming from the
chimney and realizes its morse code
they decipher what the tapping is saying
and end up with you have no legs
just as they read out the message a
squirrel falls from the chimney and they
decide that that's where the tapping
must have come from
they try to get some sleep splitting up
in different rooms
eugene in the basement finds a nazi
soldier's journal and sees an old family
portrait his candle goes out and once he
gets it lit again
the family disappears from the photo
tapered keeps watch from the attic
window and surveys the grounds with his
rifle when he glances over a figure
standing on a pedestal
when he goes for a second look a face
pops up in front of him and an old
wardrobe closet slams shut
the next morning eugene tells chris and
kirk that he finds tapered strange and
chris agrees to say their lucky tapper
is an ally
just as they finish talking taprik comes
in and informs them that a platoon of
nazis is about to pass through in a
couple of days
taprt suggests they hide in the woods
and wait for the nazis to pass by but
chris decides to stay and guard the
chateau
tapert asks for eugene's help and the
two head to the attic where they find
ritualistic markings on the floor
eugene identifies them as black magic
and says that hitler and the nazis are
big followers of the occult
the pair rearranges the attic and
attempt to move the large wardrobe
closet
as they were moving it they passes over
the ritual markings and slams shut on
eugene's hand
breaking his fingers eugene shouts in
agony and blames tapper but tappert says
it wasn't him
tapper looks at the mirror on the
wardrobe and sees feet dangling behind
him but disappear as soon as he turns
around
the group returns to the fireplace and
hears strange voices on the radio which
sound like some sort of incantation or
cursing
from what they've been experiencing and
with the previous group so eager to
leave
they come to a conclusion that the house
is haunted and kirk suggests they leave
immediately
avoiding the nazi's arrival they're once
again disrupted by creaking and dragging
sounds coming from upstairs and metallic
tapping from the chimney
they try to decipher it again but
something takes control of eugene's hand
and writes down
if you leave you die they hear the same
message on the radio in a demonic voice
afraid of the messages implication the
group decides against their better
judgment and stays
they prepare for the nazi platoon's
arrival four of them haul up in the
living room while tappard heads to the
attic to serve as lookout
the nazis arrive but quickly lose
interest and we're about to leave when a
loud banging comes from the attic
a firefight ensues then the five of them
go against the whole platoon
a grenade gets thrown in and butchy
jumps on it to cover the others
kirk hides behind a bathroom door while
a nazi soldier comes in
he hears water splashing and prepares
himself for a fight but is surprised to
see that the nazi soldier getting
drowned in the bathtub by an invisible
force
eugene hides behind a table in the study
and hears the same voices in the air
vents that chris heard earlier
he keeps quiet as he hears a nazi
soldier approaching and sees someone
standing opposite him across the table
he prepares for a fight and as soon as
he gets up to shoot sees that the person
standing is no longer a nazi soldier but
is a ghostly screaming woman
eugene is pushed back and the soldier
who came in looking for him bursts into
flames
he reels and mutters to himself that
none of this is real
back in the attic tapered hear soldiers
coming in and he hides and awaits them
he sneaks around but sees that the
soldier looking for him is getting hung
from the ceiling
miraculously all of them survive with
butchie barely clinging to life
they regroup in the study and eugene
tells them what he's discovered after
reading the nazi journal he found in the
basement
he found out that the family which
originally lived in the huge mansion
were the helvigs
a family of jews hiding in france when
the nazis invaded
the family was massacred the father was
burned alive
their daughter was hung in the attic
their little boy was drowned in the tub
and their bodies were disposed of in a
shallow grave chris goes upstairs to use
the bathroom and sees that the tub
hasn't been drained yet
as he leaves the air suddenly turns cold
and he is pushed back into the tub
he starts drowning and he could see from
under the water nazis looming over him
his vision flashes and he sees three
people in what looks like modern
clothing before flashing back to the
nazis and gets a prompt to wake up
he screams and the next thing he knows
eugene is waking him up
he was having a nightmare they were
planning their next move when butchie
suddenly wakes up
shouting that none of it was real
telling everyone to remember
everyone is surprised when butchie is
able to grab chris's shirt even though
he longer had arms it looked like
butchie still had hands or was still
using them but they just couldn't see
he tells chris to remember and get out
they attribute boothy's hallucinations
to the morphine he's been given
after a discussion the group decides to
move out of the chateau just as they
prepare to leave
butchie dies and they bury him in the
yard the remaining four leave and were
making their way to base camp when they
spot jewish refugees in the distance
it was the exact same group of refugees
they had encountered earlier
seeing that one of them still wears
taprt's coat they soon realize that
they're walking in circles and that the
events just keep repeating themselves
kirk brings up a story about a book
where the events transpire in a dead
man's head
taprt argues that if they're dead then
heaven surely sucks
with eugene speculating that they could
be in hell as in hell
sinners are forced to relive their sins
over and over in a loop
the group tries to get some sleep
camping out in the woods when eugene
brings up that he hasn't voided his vows
in weeks
the others say the same thing but chris
shuts them down saying they'll talk
about it in the morning
tappert gets a nightmare that he was
back in the attic about to get hanged
he wakes up and sees the word vetrelek
written on the ground
in the morning they resume their journey
but encounter the same group of nazi
soldiers that they had dealt with at the
beginning of their assignment
determined to reach base camp they
continue walking but end up right back
at the chateau
back inside they decide to look for the
bodies and give them a proper burial
arguing that it might be the key to
getting out tappert mutters vetrolek and
eugene recognizes the word
saying that it's been mentioned several
times in the nazi journal he's reading
they come up with a plan to wait for the
ghosts and help them move on
they wait out in the living room and mrs
hellwig appears
dragging chris outside into an old cabin
where the family's bodies had been
stored
they give the family a proper burial but
eugene finds a missing page from the
journal along with the bodies
he discovers that the family was neither
french nor jewish but afghan
they spent a huge fortune providing safe
passage for jews to america
as mrs helwig died she performed a
vetrollet curse on the man who stood by
and watched her family get massacred
at the same time tapard is in the attic
sitting in the middle of the ritualistic
symbols as if in a trance
muttering an incantation as arabic runes
light up around him
eugene discovers that according to the
additional page he found
burying the family would not put the
family at peace but would actually
empower them
the ghosts appear and the soldiers try
to fight their way out
butchy suddenly shows up shouting that
it isn't real as they fight
chris notices static and glitching on
the ghosts mrs hellwig whispers for him
to wake up and he does
chris awakes to see that he's in a
high-tech facility with doctors around
him
he sees the whole team in a coma and
discovers that both his legs have been
amputated
the doctor explains that they have been
in a terrible incident in afghanistan
his team suffered fatal injuries they
were placed in a simulation while their
bodies healed
the world war ii simulation was supposed
to help them come to terms with their
injuries as the sudden shock of the
state of their bodies could lead to
their deaths
putting their minds in simulations
ensures that they could accept their
injuries better
chris recalls that in afghanistan they
failed to rescue an informant and his
family
they were ordered to hide while isis
members invade their house and murder
the whole family
the informant was set ablaze their
daughter was hung
and his son drowned in the sink when the
group came out of hiding
it was too late as they were exiting the
mother runs out with a bomb strapped to
her and it explodes on the group
as their bodies laid in shambles the
mother places the veteran curse on chris
and the group as it was them that let
evil happen and did nothing as her
family was murdered
chris tells the doctors he remembers
everything but that there's some kind of
virus in the system
they're reliving the simulation in a
horror the doctors are baffled as the
simulation is supposed to be benign and
only serves as a support structure for
their mind's healing
chris remembers buchi telling them that
it wasn't real but she's non-existent
and he figures out that i have no legs
and if you leave
you die were actually subliminal
messages they sent to themselves
warning themselves of the real world and
their injuries
the other soldiers start convulsing and
chris notices that the family is in the
simulation with them
somehow the veteran curse caused the
simulation to be haunted and now
they're suffering inside chris is
determined to go back in so he can tell
the others what happened so they can
atone for their sins so the curse can be
lifted
as he goes back into the simulation he
is warned that his memory will get wiped
but it's too late and he wakes up with
everyone by his side
ready to begin their mission to the
chateau
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching